(Lee Jae Young)
The autopsy result says...
it's multiple compound fractions.
The crucial reason is...
the compound fraction of the parietal bone.
Was it due to external shock?
The victim didn't wear a seat belt.
His neck might have been bent backward as a rebound.
It says his calf muscles were stiff.
It's possible if he was stepping on the brake.
There was nothing to stop the car.
Then what would it be?
Why do you think it's a homicide?
The car was on fire,
but there was no soot in his throat.
Why?
Because he wasn't breathing.
He might have stopped breathing as he got into the accident.
What if he was dead before the accident?
Well...
It's possible.
You can sense when you see the body if it was an accident or a homicide.
You don't write the autopsy result based on your sense.
You can only write the facts.
Not just ambiguous facts. What's your opinion?
Is it an accident or a homicide?
Jae Young.
Jae Young!
It's homicide, isn't it?
Stop it. I can't answer you.
It's unofficial.
I'll only refer to it.
I'm not asking for the result. I want to know your opinion.
Even though it's a car accident,
it's too perfect.
Also, there's something suspicious.
The bruise on his wrist.
- Bruise? - You could get bruised after dying,
but because the blood circulation has stopped already,
the color or the shape is different than when you're alive.
A physical fight?
Is that it?
I think...
it was caused just before his death.
It's only a guess.
I have no evidence to jump to conclusions for now.
Thank you.
I never said it's a homicide. Okay?
(Lee Jae Young)
How could this happen?
How can one's life...
be so vain?
Let's go back.
You need to take care of yourself.
Let's go, Eun Joo.
Yes.
How is it there?
Nothing special for now.
It feels like something is going to happen though.
Is that right?
The autopsy result is quite ambiguous.
(The autopsy result)
This isn't enough for the prosecution to take the case.
The probability is 50-50.
It's 50-percent probable to be an accident,
but it's also 50-percent probable to be a homicide.
Then bring something to me.
A variable that can break...
the probability.
A variable...
(Episode 6: Variable)
- I heard the result is out. - Yes, hello.
It's out,
but it's a bit ambiguous.
Depending on how the police take the case,
they can hand it to the prosecution.
Did you find a new employee?
Well, that's... Actually...
The unemployment problem is serious,
but job seekers have their own preferences.
They'll be paid so little...
when they have to work from early in the morning to late at night.
The labor environment in here is that poor.
And even though I'd like to hire them,
they don't seem to have courage to join this cruel reality.
Get things ready so that I can do a final interview tomorrow.
Okay.
Tomorrow? Okay... Tomorrow...
Tomorrow...
Job seekers these days are so picky.
But by tomorrow...
(Resume)
I'm here because I've got this passionate humanism in my heart,
but I don't think others will be like me.
And I have to select them by tomorrow.
(Autopsy records)
(It is the car accident case...)
(that happened on a street at 5am on Thursday, January 18, 2018.)
Drink it.
It'll make you warm.
I'm glad that the funeral went without any issues.
I took care of the fee,
just so you know.
The media will keep their manners for the time being.
I asked my acquaintances for help.
I was a reporter for more than 10 years in this field.
They won't report about the case for the time being.
You just have to take care of yourself from now on.
And your baby too,
okay?
It's suspicious in some parts...
to close the case.
You don't have evidence for murder.
The autopsy result says so.
Still, it's ambiguous to call it an accident.
Isn't that your opinion?
Why do you want to cover this case so much?
I...
don't want people to talk about my husband anymore.
It's important to keep the deceased's honor.
But what if it wasn't an accident?
Shouldn't you find out for your husband's sake?
No matter what kind of life they lived,
no one's death can be covered evasively.
But...
Go Hye Ran is involved in the scandal.
My husband is dead,
and my friend is being suspected.
People...
want to know what relationship they were in.
Just the fact that he's dead...
is enough...
to make me torn apart.
I don't want to add such a scandal to my suffering.
Do you...
really want to cover it up like this?
Won't you regret it?
Think only of your baby.
From now on, think only of your baby.
You have to survive somehow.
You're a mom.
I...
won't regret it...
for the sake of my baby.
I'm a mom now.
I need to survive somehow.
As soon as things get settled here,
I'll go back to the States.
I think...
it'll be better for me to endure it there than here.
I know an obstetrician there.
I'll put in a word for you.
Thank you.
I feel bad for getting endless help from you.
Tell me whenever you need help.
It's okay.
Okay.
You killed her, murderer.
What kind of lunatic is this?
I have proof that you're the murderer.
(Restricted number)
Until when will you do nothing about Go Hye Ran?
We lost the viewership, but she got it back right away.
The viewership went up by an additional five percent.
Good. Everything is good.
But we're dealing with news,
not best-selling products.
Hye Ran...
led that news up to here.
Only she can increase the viewership...
by 11 percent overnight.
We shouldn't give up on her potential...
so easily like that.
What about the risk that she has?
Do you have a safety net for it?
Excuse me.
It's irresponsible of you to have only Go Hye Ran...
as your card.
You're aware of it, right?
(Painkillers)
You're keeping my life safely, right?
So far, so good.
I heard the autopsy result came out ambiguously.
It's always like that.
They open up possibilities here and there.
It's not enough for them to send the case to the prosecution.
You don't have any other variables?
First off, Eun Joo...
doesn't want the case to be progressed any further.
She must want to stop her husband's death from becoming a gossip.
She plans to leave the country...
as soon as things are settled here. When that happens...
I got an interesting text just now.
- What? - Apparently, there's evidence...
that you're the killer.
The pressure from the vice president is immense.
If an unexpected variable appears,
it won't be easy for both of us.
It's not the first time receiving a threat while running the news.
I was threatened with terrorism before.
Consider this as one of those cases.
I'd also like to believe that,
but as the person in charge...
Gosh.
It's impossible not to hold a meeting.
Will you...
bring in Han Ji Won?
It's a dilemma.
Detectives insist that it's a homicide.
JBC says that Han Ji Won will come back.
You might lose your position as a spokesperson.
On top of that, you're being threatened? Oh, my.
This is the worst crisis of your life.
You didn't do it,
did you?
If only I had killed him myself...
If you did,
things wouldn't be as messy as now.
You'd be more careful.
You'd also have a definite alibi.
If it had been Go Hye Ran,
the murder would've been simple and clean.
Is there any solution?
You have your husband.
Tae Wook.
What are you doing?
Let's go back to the US.
The competition is coming up soon.
You need to prepare yourself.
Give up that competition.
I'm not in the right condition to compete.
Stop drinking.
Stop it.
I'm having a hard time too.
I have to build stamina for a competition that's in a month.
Let me rest, Eun Joo.
Let's skip this competition.
I can do a few commercial shoots for money.
Are you being arrogant?
Don't you know how hard I worked to get here?
I cleaned buildings every day until my hands and feet blistered...
to support you and help you get this far.
What?
It's too hard? You want to rest?
How can you say that?
Are you out of your mind? Stop drinking.
You stop.
I can't live every time you do this!
I'm about to suffocate!
Darn it.
Is that why you slept with someone else?
You promised that you'd never do it again.
You said you would never hurt me again by cheating.
It hasn't been a year since you made that promise.
However,
you had an affair as soon as we came to Korea.
Fine, I can understand about Han Ji Won.
She's young and pretty.
It's possible to lose control.
How could you do that with Hye Ran?
Hye Ran is my friend.
How could you cheat on me with Hye Ran?
How could you do this to me?
- Hello? - No.
Don't leave.
Let's do that. Okay.
Stop.
Stop right there!
If you leave now,
it's over between us.
Who has it now?
What do you mean?
Go Hye Ran's dash cam memory chip.
It's the determining key to this case.
What are you doing in the dark?
I was just...
thinking.
The autopsy result can't prove anything.
Even if it goes to the prosecutors,
you won't be indicted and remain innocent.
I know.
Then what's the problem?
What are you worried about?
I have too many enemies.
Enemies?
It looks like even those who have nothing to do with the case...
want to use it to bury me for good.
The vice president, Chief Jang, and Dae Woong.
All of them have worked with me...
for almost a decade or longer.
Does this mean that I've lived my life wrong all along?
There are always two groups of people...
who swarm around those who are successful.
The ones who want to benefit from their success...
and the jealous ones who want them to fail.
But neither group...
really likes them.
I guess I blew the opportunity to work at the Blue House.
That's not your only opportunity.
There are many other things that you can do.
Do you really think so?
I don't even know when I'll be kicked out of News Nine.
Let's go together.
The president of Kangyool Law Firm will be there too.
(Hanguk University Law School Alumni Association Invitation)
I heard that the vice president of JBC...
is the best friend of Kangyool's president.
And?
We should go and bow to them if we have to.
I'll do anything...
to make sure that you can stay on News Nine.
You'll do that for me?
Well,
it'll be nice if it helps with sorting out this case as well.
Kangyool's president...
has many connections in the prosecution, you know.
Tae Wook.
You used to despise people who did such things.
I'm tired. You should get some rest too.
I'll just pretend that I didn't hear that.
Whether the case is handed over to the prosecution or not,
there won't be any problems because I'm innocent.
And I don't care about those scandalous rumors.
People will forget all about it with time anyway.
Whether I can stay at News Nine or not...
That's also my problem.
I don't need you to get involved.
If you get ousted for no reason,
people's suspicion toward you will get out of control.
If that happens, it'll be my problem to deal with.
No.
It's our problem now, Hye Ran.
When I told you that I'll protect you,
I also meant that I'll protect your honor and social position.
Everything that you have now...
and that you want to gain in the future.
But it goes...
against your principles.
If I can't even protect my wife, such principles...
would be meaningless.
Tae Wook.
For the last five years,
I wasn't exactly a good husband to you.
I want to apologize for what I did...
and make up for everything, so I'll do my very best.
Honey.
You're so mean.
How...
How can you...
make me feel so bad?
I'll make sure no one touches you.
I won't let anyone hurt you.
No matter what happens, I'll make sure...
I keep my promises.
It's okay.
Everything will be okay, Hye Ran.
(Law Office of Kang Tae Wook)
Here you go.
So...
what kinds of jobs did you have before this?
I stayed...
in prison for 19 years.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
Gosh, it came out of my nose.
It's hot.
Well...
I see. Congratulations.
19 years... That's long.
It's where people live, so it's not a big deal.
It's good not to go, but you already have, so it can't be helped, right?
I'm not saying it's seriously wrong.
So...
Why were you...
in prison for 19 years?
For murder.
[VIU Ver] jTBC E06 Misty "Variable"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
For the realization of constitution and justice.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
You can do a good job, right?
Honey, you'll finally get to join the Gold Moon Club.
We don't know how it will turn out yet.
Kangyool's president told you to come to today's gathering himself.
He must want to offer you to be his partner in his law firm.
You should stop being the prosecutor...
and enjoy your life now.
To be honest, you're most talented among your colleagues.
Don't exaggerate.
She's here.
They seem to ignore us.
It's all right. We can ignore them too.
Tae Wook, is that you?
Gosh, it's been such a long time.
Hello, sir.
I can't believe I'm seeing you here.
It was five years ago when you went out to be a public defender.
Have you been well?
It's always the same for me.
I've heard about you from your father from time to time.
She's my wife.
Say hello to the president of Kangyool Law Firm.
It's nice to meet you. I'm Go Hye Ran.
It's nice to meet you.
I enjoy watching your news show.
Thank you.
Let's go over there.
- Yes, sir. - Let's go.
Yeon Jung, what happened to your husband?
Go Hye Ran, that crazy witch.
She should know where to stick her nose in.
- It's nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
Hello, I'm Kang Tae Wook.
It's nice to meet you.
- It's time to go. - Okay, let's go.
Let's go together.
Yes, sir.
Gold Moon Club.
It's a club formed by people...
who graduated from the Judicial Research and Training lnstitute...
and the law school of Hanguk University
The keynote of judicial authority and media...
is said to be formed in this club.
It exists for certain,
but it doesn't exist at the same time.
It's a club with absolute power.
Say hello.
He's Congressman Jung Dae Han...
who is a former chief justice...
and the civil administrator of the Blue House.
Hello, I'm Kang Tae Wook.
He's the son of Kang Han Soo, the chief justice.
You're the famous Kang Tae Wook.
It's nice to see you.
It's nice to meet you too.
Well, then. This way.
Say hello to him. He's Vice President Sung Nak Joong.
- Who is he? - He's Attorney Kang Tae Wook.
He's our talented junior.
He's the son of Kang Han Soo, the chief justice.
Oh, goodness.
It's nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you too.
I've heard a lot about you from my wife.
Anchor Go Hye Ran is his wife.
If your husband can move the club members,
the current situation...
will be over.
He's only a public defender, so how can he?
Rumor says...
that Tae Wook's father is the founding member of that club.
You must be well aware...
how much people in that field care about their own.
If Tae Wook puts his mind to it,
he can easily win them over.
It'll be a piece of cake.
Shouldn't it have been your husband who was supposed to join them today?
You worked so hard...
to make him the member of that club.
I didn't know being the former chief justice's son was this influential.
He isn't just the former chief justice.
Poor, Prosecutor Byeon.
I guess you put some effort on your outfit today.
You look very beautiful, murderer.
Shall I reveal the evidence right here?
It'll be amusing.
You must be worried...
because of your wife.
That's how rumors are.
It's not true, but people involved in it suffer so much.
It's not only the people involved.
The broadcasting station is struggling too.
They're receiving so many texts every day.
A lot of people want us to change the main anchor of the news show.
Public opinions...
can be moved depending on the decision maker's intention.
Don't tell me...
you're here to ask us for help regarding your family business.
When I worked at the Seoul Prosecutors' Office,
your son was charged with drug use.
At that time,
I know you suffered so much...
until your son was released due to lack of evidence.
Gosh, I almost forgot.
You were in charge of...
that case.
It's not a request.
I'm politely asking you for a favor.
Please...
trust and protect Anchor Go Hye Ran.
Let's go, Eun Joo.
Anchor Go Hye Ran's position...
will be safe for now.
Under the assumption that she's innocent, that is.
The autopsy result from the police is ambiguous.
It could be sent to prosecutors depending on the perspective.
What do you want?
I don't want her to be indicted.
There's not enough evidence anyway.
Either way, she won't be indicted...
due to lack of evidence.
Then why are you so persistent?
Are there any unknown variables?
Including all possible variables,
I want to cover up the case as if it never happened.
Could you do it?
You're Lee Jae Young's manager.
Aren't you?
Stop hiding, and come out.
What are you trying to do with me?
Hye Ran, where are you?
(Go Hye Ran is a murderer.)
Did you see who did it?
No.
Hye Ran.
I followed him from the party because he was suspicious,
but I lost him.
I found the car like this when I heard the alarm go off.
Are you...
being threatened?
I didn't want to tell you every detail.
I'm bothering you enough already.
I can...
deal with this much.
It's okay.
It's cold.
Let's go inside.
I won't tolerate it.
Whoever it is...
trying to mess with me like this,
I'll never let it slide.
Could you zoom in?
He's completely covered up.
We can't recognize his face at all.
He had planned it.
He knows where the surveillance cameras are.
Look.
He avoids showing his face.
I think we got something.
Can we see his face again?
(Profile)
He's gone through many hard times.
I couldn't stop myself from pitying him.
Isn't it obvious why he's threatening you?
(5 cases of drunk driving, Theft, Embezzlement)
(His sister with chronic renal failure waits for a transplant.)
(He has debts from gambling and took private loans.)
- You're finally here. - Hello.
Did your alumni meeting go well?
Yes, what has the police done since then?
Not much. More importantly,
we have a bigger problem.
A problem?
I made it clear to him,
but...
Listen.
This is a place only for those who believe in justice.
If not, I told him to leave.
His ears must be blocked.
He doesn't understand a word.
He's been coming at the same hour since two days ago.
What should we do?
This isn't worth it, but look at this.
(Previous record of murder)
(Acceptance Letter for Ha Myung Woo)
Aren't you going to court today?
I'll go before 11am.
It's time to go.
No, it's too early.
Gosh, time flew by.
Okay, I'll see you later then.
Gosh.
Attorney Kang.
Attorney... Attorney Kang.
Okay.
I'll be back soon.
Hello.
I spoke to you on the phone. I'm Byeon Woo Hyun.
Why did you call me?
Are you in charge of Go Hye Ran's case?
Do you mean Kevin Lee's case?
I heard that the key suspect is Go Hye Ran.
The case interests me.
Could you tell me more about it?
You got accepted into law school.
- Yes. - And you have a criminal record.
Yes.
Was it murder?
I came because you're looking to hire someone who works hard.
And I need a job.
Was it an accidental or intentional murder?
He made the powerless suffer...
just because he was rich.
My friend was the victim.
I had to do something about it.
How far can you go?
How far do you need me to go?
Let's go, Eun Joo.
Will you be able to find him?
He's gone off the grid.
Will he be a variable in the case?
He's one of the people who know the most about Kevin Lee,
and it's highly likely that he knows something about the case.
He seemed very nervous when we questioned him as a witness,
and he totally disappeared after the funeral.
We're trying to track him down at the moment.
Go Hye Ran's dash cam memory card is gone,
and Lee Jae Young's manager has fallen off the face of the earth.
Do you think you can bring me one of the two?
If you can,
I'll probably be able to come up with something.
Dong Hyun.
Can we talk for a minute?
Where would be good? Here or outside?
Shall I teach you a lesson?
Hey, what are you doing here? Answer me!
Baek Dong Hyun.
Age 29. Kevin Lee's former manager. And you're unemployed now.
You've been caught for DUI without a license for five times.
You've been to a patrol station for a dine and dash two months ago,
but Lee Jae Young got you out.
You even started embezzling the company funds recently.
You've lost tens of thousands of dollars on horse racing.
But with Lee Jae Young dead now, nobody is there to cover it for you.
You've already dug up dirt on me?
You must be anxious and desperate.
You have a private loan to pay off, but no one has your back anymore.
Your sister is the only family you have,
but she needs dialysis once every two days.
You sent me the threatening texts because you're desperate for money.
You sure live up to your reputation.
Jae Young said that I shouldn't underestimate you.
Does your sister know too?
The fact that you're embezzling the company funds and threatening me...
- to pay her hospital bills. - Shut your mouth.
- Time's ticking, but there's no... - I told you to shut your mouth.
You're standing on the edge of a cliff and can't even breathe.
"Why must I live like this?" You must resent the world.
You little...
You wench...
Shoot.
When you're cornered,
you can't really judge what's right or what you should be doing.
That's probably how you're feeling now. But you know what?
You can't live your life like that.
What you're doing now will eventually bog you down.
Don't be ridiculous.
Hey, know your place. You're in no position to lecture me now.
You've even killed a person.
Who told you that I killed him?
Did Jae Young show up as a ghost and tell you that?
That night...
I know that you met up with him that night.
I saw everything in the parking lot.
So?
What can you prove with that statement alone?
I may not be able to prove anything,
but I can make sure you suffer.
I have the original photos from Thailand.
I'm sorry, but you can't put me behind bars with them.
But I can get you arrested for blackmailing me.
Is that so?
Then bring it on.
We'll take this all the way to the end.
What about your sister though?
Will you let her die just to make me suffer?
Do you really want to be taught a lesson?
Gosh.
I've paid off her overdue hospital bills.
- What? - I've also put her name...
at the top of the kidney transplant waitlist.
I'll pay for the surgery as well.
What on earth are you trying to do here?
Bring the original photos.
It'd be wise for you not to play with them.
- You want to make a deal with me? - I'm giving you a chance.
A chance to be a decent brother to your sister.
Yes, it's me.
I'm heading back now.
Something's not right.
It doesn't make sense.
- Hello. - I know.
- Hey. - Hello.
- Han Ji Won. - Han Ji Won.
Hello.
What's going on?
I'm back.
Now that you're here, the air feels fresh.
Are you an air purifier or what?
One person makes a big change.
Fine dust in the news station is gone.
Anyway, good to have you back.
Eun Joo. What's up?
Today?
I think I'll be free at around 5pm.
Okay.
I'll see you there.
What's up?
I want to set a date for departure,
but there are so many things to take care of.
And the house too.
I know.
Do you want me to introduce you an expert?
It's not easy to handle it alone.
Leave it to an expert...
No.
I don't think that's right, Hye Ran.
It's the first house I lived with him.
I don't want to...
sell it so hastily.
So I think...
I'm going to put off leaving for the US.
I can't...
leave everything to you and go to the States alone.
I'm going to stay in Seoul for a while...
and take care of...
everything by myself.
What?
About Jae Young...
and you too.
What do you mean?
Me?
I heard you're not done with the police yet.
Regarding my husband's accident.
- Eun Joo. - I realized...
what friendship means while going through the incident.
It's my turn now.
I want to...
return all the favors you did for me.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I want to...
return all the favors you did for me.
You can look forward to it, Hye Ran.
(Misty)
Hwanil Steel filed for penalty litigation.
I was wondering if you could be my lawyer, Tae Wook.
Do you find me uncomfortable?
What's going on between you two?
- Baek Dong Hyun. Get him. - Hey, Baek Dong Hyun.
Call me before tomorrow.
Find out what he has.
Let's see what cards you have.
Did Hye Ran tell you about her past?
Of course. How typical of her.
What's this music?
It's Hye Ran's favorite song when she was in high school.
Don't play it in the house.
This is getting funny.
Who's she waiting for in this crowded area?